1. What goals is college helping you pursue?
Right now the goal this university is helping me persure is getting transfer credits during my gap year to take back to my current school. In a more broad sense, collage is helping me learn the tools i need to create and experiment with access to the opportunities and recoruces i need to fufil these explorations.

2. What goals do you have for this class? Are there skills you’d like to improve on,
content you’d like to learn, personality traits you’d like to develop?

Im interested in language as a construct and hoping i can draw inspiration from what i learn about language into my personal projects. Ive been really into esoteric programming languages and understanding the philisophy behinf language and words will help me to explore language creativly, or encourage me to think aboutb language differently, or more in depth. 

a. What steps can you take to pursue the goals you have for this class?
I can think about where i am appling this language and theory to in my work, which will give me a lens of seeing the meaning or theory behind the topics we discuss, as well as apply the knowlege i know about language to the course, to have a conversationn between topics in language in my work and in the cours.

3. Look at the syllabus and check the learning goals for this class, then glance at the
assignments.
a. How do the learning goals for this class fit in with your goals for it, and your
goals for college in general?

Identifying what i dont understand is vey helpful in knowing what to pay attention to, or how to pay attaention to certain things that may align with things i dont understand, and works with setting my own goals for myself. This alligns with the goals i have for the class and for being better at self evaluation and setting goals for myself. This aligns with my goals for collage in general, as setting goals for myself and creating paths towards these goals has been extremely helpful in preperation for courses and keeping myself on track. 

b. What would you like to achieve on the assignments that would help you
advance your wider goals? How will you do this?
I would like to achive an understanding of language as a way of exploring and describing different thoughts, objects or ideas, as i feel that the way i interact with language has been quite boring. Im looking for new ways to interact with documentation, critiqe, description and experimentation throgh language. I will achive this by applying assignments to these topics, or seeing the assignments though the lens of these topics as they are applicable. 