I continually have dreams about travel. There was one recurring dream I had about a portal that dropped me off somewhere in japan, in dark light. A familiar environment. Or an interesting bar with impossible cocktails and an all wood interior. A large landscape of stone in open sky, with cold air, a massive convention of the sorts, with infinate places to be. Some small venue undernearth a school, navigating unassuming halls. an unbelivable convolution. Somehting about exploration, or being at unease, or both. Theres a fun in finding out anything. With families on vacation, and marital complications. Skybridges and other glass objects, with rays of sun passing through mantions and rugby feilds. Architecture that means nothing and everything at the same time. I also had a lot of dreams of resigned architecure of my high school and collage dorm experiences. Some felt like jail cells while others felt extremely victorian or midevil, or art deco Frank Loyd Write, before i even had really been exposed to what that looked like. I think my dreams reflected what i was feeling in life through its design choices, which I try to reflect in my creations. being distant from my mother and father in collage was a lot easier than i thought it was going to be, eve now still, I'de rather not stay in the house with my mom in harlem for a long while after graduating. I think we get along, but have very different lifestyles. Shes vey anal about every single thing, which is funny because the hosue is not even really that clean, an organized chaos of sorts, but she doesnt understanfd my organized chaos even when its very simular. I supposde shes getting old now to, and assumes im going to argue about every task or side quest she gives me (I definatley used to). Were definaly both artists, she went to FIT in the 90s studying fashion design, even had her own line at one point I think. She was surrouded by counterculture and wasnt really educated enouph yet coming from nigeria to understand that. Im sure she was surrounded by experimental music, even house and techno in the underground at the time was completely experimental, an escape for most poeple slave to 9-5 jobs. I didnt have any of that life but when I'de hear stories of it when I got into house and techno I would always wonder what life would be like with a new genre of music made for dancing could be like. To see it unfold and for for it to be a safe space for anyone at all, a virtual limbo, an internet of the sorts, enbedded and seperate. With locked doors, fog and no view of the DJ or even really anyone around you. It was completely its own limbo, a ritual experience. I admire everythig about that architecutre of the mind, that state of being. In high school I didnt really experinece this, as much as I wanted to, but I definately found my sort of counterculure environment in the punk and rave scene in brookln. In 2020 i played my first "noise" show at the sattalite art club in brookln. All the artists on that bill were increduble, in a tiny basement, with dry air, red lights, a wet carpet and many interesting brick corners, I wasnt nervous. I was excited to play, I had been using my equipment for a while at that point. For me noise was a way for me to say " i want to live inside of my dreams in the weird limbo space forever and explore everything and nothing at the same time" with sound that was unmusical, but transportative. Creating an envirnment with stereo sound that creates impossible acoustics and spaces for people to sit in for a durationn of time outside of the rest of their day, it was truely a ritual for me, mcuh more so than a technicaly display of using electeronic instuments, which a lot of the other sets i was seeing at the time seemed to be. Modular synths had a very stange community around them, mostly because most of the people that could afford them were finance bros in their 40s and 50s that used it as a toy or as a hobby, making the same (but cool) blip bloop music, but not pushing the medium beyong its boundaries. This is true for a lot of art, but its interesting because the medium realluy presentes itself as an object for experimentaion and strangeness. I am always the tourist in my performance space as much as anyone else is. 