There was something strange about where I was. Providence didnt feel like a real place. In all the nooks and crannies, it seemed so small. the sun was never too bright, always just right. The winters never too cold. I wanted to stay there forever. It was almost too perfect, too quiet. It was most definately haunted. There were a few haunted landmarks. The old garage, that used to be a morgue, and the dorms next to it that uded to be a funeral home. I always thougt it was cold in that garage. A unique type of cold, a cold that only providence gets. It must come with its old history. The old resotreed rainbow house road, that no one talks aboiut. Why are all of them painted different funky colors? Is that the way it looked back then hundreds of years ago? Did slaves painstakingly mix the perfect shade of magenta for the 12th house down the road? Its creepy sometimes, all the colors, but kind of comforting. I mean ide probably feel more unconfotable if they were all the same color. 

I had my tiny corner spots, the secret coffee shop, the weird labs, and all of my wizard friends. It feels like a fantasy to me. Theres always a strange object. I love a stange object. Like Dave Fischers handmade DSLR camera with no interface. He said that he hated using the interface on his nikon, so he invented and coded the most complicted system for taking pictures with a hacked scanner bay camera connceted to a custom interface with a bunch of switches for all of the funtions, that works MOST of the time, and needs wifi. Its damn cool but i dont know if all that beats the nikon interface. Its a particular wizardy, making objects. I love the idea of living in a house thats a cabinet of curiosities, everything is bespoke and custom made by all the wizards I know. in a dream, ide like to live on a boat. 

Waking up, in a gentle rock, with the warmth of sun toast on my face, smelling the hairs on my chest bake in the sun. A gentle wind, with someone I love, real love, i hadnt had yet, and will take for granted. Simple, but not boring. the infinites of music, itll push you to crate something interesting im sure, in collaboration. I needed that back anf forth. The cold salted waves , frozen butter with dewdrops. Theres nothing more i could ask for, i needed this nature. An astral navagation, its completely ambient. Where was this for me. providence was this boat stationed at the dock, stuck and rusted, new york is the ancor hot and red pulling down with infinate strength into the depths of solitude and darkness. Ide rather be at the dock, something new awaits me in this world. With all ambition. im still running though sandpaper and square concrete meant for round tires. Its slow but fast. time waits for no one. I get a lot done, but its always a loose lock.  